josh kovacs is the building manager of
the tower an upscale apartment complex
in new york city that has wall street
billionaire arthur shaw as its tenant
its employees include josh's
brother-in-law concierge charlie gibbs
who is expecting a child with josh's
sister
enrique devro a newly hired elevator
operator
lester the doorman nearing retirement
odessa montero
an immigrant maid from jamaica
threatened with deportation
and receptionist miss ayavenko who is
studying to become a lawyer
one morning josh witnesses what he
believes is arthur shaw being kidnapped
josh chases the kidnappers but is
subdued by fbi agent claire denham who
explains that shaw was actually
attempting to flee the country to resist
arrest for masterminding a ponzi scheme
embezzling two billion dollars josh
confesses to the tower staff that he
gave their pensions to shaw to invest
and they have lost
everything lester attempts suicide by
stepping in front of a train
but survives after visiting leicester in
the hospital
josh charlie and enrique confront shaw
under house arrest in his penthouse
apartment
shaw expresses condolences but is not
sincere enough when he forgets to ask if
leicester
is all right out of anger josh smashes
the windows of the 1963 ferrari 250 gt
luso displayed in shaw's apartment
living room
the general manager mr simon fires him
for his actions
as well as charlie and enrique josh
meets denim at a bar where she drunkenly
suggests that shaw has concealed 20
million dollars as a reserve
and that josh should steal it josh
charlie enrique and evicted tower tenant
mr fitzhugh conspire to find and steal
the money from shaw's assumed safe
they supplement their inexperience by
enlisting josh's childhood friend slide
a petty criminal and odessa who has
locksmith experience that can help open
the safe
charlie is rehired as the tower's new
manager and still feeling uncomfortable
with josh's plan
warns josh that he must abandon it or
charlie will turn him over to the police
subsequently denham informs josh that
shaw is scheduled to attend court on
thanksgiving during the macy's
thanksgiving day parade to avoid
publicity
and that shaw will likely be set free
josh and his team decide to break into
shaw's apartment during the parade
slide attempts to betray the team by
reaching the safe ahead of them and
taking all of the money for himself
having tricked odessa into giving him
lessons
the team intercepts him at shaw's
apartment and during the ensuing
altercation
they break down a false wall revealing
shaw's safe
which turns out to be empty slide and
fits hugh fight over slides gun
which fits hugh accidentally fires and
the bullet hits the ferrari's hood
revealing gold underneath the paint they
realize that shaw invested his money in
gold
turned it into car parts and assembled
the car to hide the money in plain sight
which is worth about 45 million in total
they then decide to lower it to
fitzhugh's old apartment using a
window-washing platform and then
push it on top of one of the elevators
later
josh finds a ledger of shaw's illegal
finances in the car's glove box
and charlie rejoins the team after
realizing their presence and saves
fitzhugh from falling to his death
shaw and the fbi return revealing the
thanksgiving day court date to be part
of josh's plan
denham notes the missing car and shaw's
safe and remands him back into federal
custody until his real court date for
violating his bail by not declaring the
latter
denim and the fbi arrest all the
conspirators but slide as they walk out
the tower
in the paddy wagon josh reveals to shaw
that he found the ledger
shaw tries to negotiate a deal to
everyone involved with cash 10 times the
value of the gold in the car
in exchange for their silence they
remind shah they don't accept tips at
the tower
at fbi hq miss iovenko tells director
mazin that she passed her bar exam
three days ago and will be josh's
attorney she shows them shaw's ledger
and tells them she will turn it over in
exchange for everyone's freedom
mason accepts on the condition that josh
serve a minimal two-year sentence for
car
theft shop leads guilty and is sentenced
to life in prison
the team retrieves the car from the
swimming pool of the tower
takes it apart and sends various parts
to tower employees to compensate for
their lost pensions while they split the
remaining of the gold for themselves
as josh is led to his cell a satisfied
smile slowly forms on his face